Some clarifications on literals. (#12374)
ethereum/solidity: docs/types/value-types.rst

Rational and Integer Literals
-----------------------------

Integer literals are formed from a sequence of digits in the range 0-9.
They are interpreted as decimals. For example, ``69`` means sixty nine.
Octal literals do not exist in Solidity and leading zeros are invalid.

Decimal fractional literals are formed by a ``.`` with at least one number on
one side.  Examples include ``1.``, ``.1`` and ``1.3``.

Scientific notation in the form of ``2e10`` is also supported, where the

> mantissa can be fractional but the eponent has to be integer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mantissa can be fractional but the exponent has to be an integer.
```
